Update 26.1 (#272)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: eud-for-bi-dashboard/dashboard-for-desktop/dashboard-designer/appearance-customization/coloring/customizing-a-color-scheme.md

* [Invoke a Color Scheme Dialog](#invoke-a-color-scheme-dialog)
* [Edit Colors](#edit-colors)
* [Add a New Value](#add-a-new-value)
* [Add a New Color Table](#add-a-new-color-table)

## Invoke a Color Scheme Dialog
To edit colors and styles, use the **Color Scheme** dialog. You can open this dialog in the following ways:

* To edit colors and styles in a global color scheme, use the **Edit Colors** button in the **Home** ribbon tab or the **Edit Colors** button in the dashboard item's **Design** tab.
	
	![WinForms Dashboard - Edit Colors in Home Ribbon](../../../images/img25387.png)  ![WinForms Dashboard - Edit Colors in Design Tab](../../../images/img25388.png)
* To edit colors and styles in a local color scheme, use the **Edit Colors** button in the contextual **Design** ribbon tab.
	
	![WinForms Dashboard - Edit Local Colors in Design Ribbon](../../../images/img25449.png)

Consider a Chart dashboard item where dimensions and measures are colored by hue with local colors.

![WinForms Dashboard - Chart Colored by Hue with Local Colors](../../../images/img25392.png)

> For this dashboard item, the **Color Scheme** dialog will contain combinations of all dimension values and a specific measure.

Reviewer: what do you mean by "and a specific measure"?

Author: We have [dimensions and measures](https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116523/basic-concepts-and-terminology/measures-and-dimensions). The image below shows the dialog with values and colors/styles associated with them:
<img width="700" height="415" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74cfbfa4-e518-4cb2-9b0a-a5d92ce12970" />

I can update it as follows:

https://docs.devexpress.com/Dashboard/116523/basic-concepts-and-terminology/measures-and-dimensions
```suggestion
For this dashboard item, the **Color Scheme** dialog will contain combinations of all dimension values and measures.
```

Reviewer: Yes, this works.
